Very sorry
This time for the first time
This is to join Japan
While aiming to read the station name of Yamanote Line
Yamanote Line
There are two routes inside and outside
In Japan, the left side of the train is basically the same as cars
Turn around counterclockwise on the inside, ie on the map
Turning clockwise will be the outer circumference
The cause of this around statistics is
It is a roundabout
Explain the salary
At first there was a person who was the starting point
From among all 29 stations on the Yamanote Line
Select and express any human shadow tree
Ten kilos
All participants get 2 degrees
I will say the station name of the next person's drawing by another around the statistics
Yurakucho
I will put my hands on 2 degrees again
1 point here
Overall rhythm is 4 seconds 7
It was
Let's understand tempo well
I found Tenpo
I went to the station name other than Yamanote Line
If you put on the station name and other people went to McKelles net
Let's do a defeat
However
End
Last
It may be a challenge in the second week
I took a moon, but because it is not so, Nagakura-san
I caught a cold and this mountain is not selected
It is a lover
Having a good time without contacting your family
Please do not